well Nate aft and a by hue the sons of
well Nate aft and a by hue the sons of Aaron each took his censer and put fire
Aaron each took his censer and put fire
Aaron each took his censer and put fire in it put the incense on it and offered
in it put the incense on it and offered
in it put the incense on it and offered profane fire before the Lord which he
profane fire before the Lord which he
profane fire before the Lord which he had not commanded them
had not commanded them
had not commanded them so fire went out from the Lord and
so fire went out from the Lord and
so fire went out from the Lord and devoured and they died before the Lord
Moses said to Aaron this is what the
Moses said to Aaron this is what the Lord spoke saying by those who come near
Lord spoke saying by those who come near
Lord spoke saying by those who come near me I must be regarded as Holy and before
me I must be regarded as Holy and before
me I must be regarded as Holy and before all the people I must be glorified so
all the people I must be glorified so
all the people I must be glorified so Aaron held his peace then Moses called
Aaron held his peace then Moses called
Aaron held his peace then Moses called Michelle and elsif on the sons of Blasio
Michelle and elsif on the sons of Blasio
Michelle and elsif on the sons of Blasio the uncle of Aaron and said to them come
the uncle of Aaron and said to them come
the uncle of Aaron and said to them come near Carrie your brethren from before
near Carrie your brethren from before
near Carrie your brethren from before the sanctuary out of the camp so they
the sanctuary out of the camp so they
the sanctuary out of the camp so they went near and parried them by their
went near and parried them by their
went near and parried them by their tunics out of the camp as Moses had said
tunics out of the camp as Moses had said
tunics out of the camp as Moses had said and Moses said to Aaron and to Eleazar
and Moses said to Aaron and to Eleazar
and Moses said to Aaron and to Eleazar and Ithamar his sons do not uncover your
and Ithamar his sons do not uncover your
and Ithamar his sons do not uncover your heads nor tear your clothes lest you die
heads nor tear your clothes lest you die
heads nor tear your clothes lest you die and wrath come upon all the people but
and wrath come upon all the people but
and wrath come upon all the people but let your brethren the whole house of
let your brethren the whole house of
let your brethren the whole house of Israel bewail the burning which the Lord
Israel bewail the burning which the Lord
Israel bewail the burning which the Lord has kindled you shall not go out from
has kindled you shall not go out from
has kindled you shall not go out from the door of the tabernacle of meeting
the door of the tabernacle of meeting
the door of the tabernacle of meeting lest you die the anointing oil of the
lest you die the anointing oil of the
lest you die the anointing oil of the Lord is upon you and they did according
Lord is upon you and they did according
Lord is upon you and they did according to the word of Moses and the Lord spoke
to the word of Moses and the Lord spoke
to the word of Moses and the Lord spoke to Aaron do not drink wine or
to Aaron do not drink wine or
to Aaron do not drink wine or intoxicating drink you know your sons
intoxicating drink you know your sons
intoxicating drink you know your sons with you when you go into the tabernacle
with you when you go into the tabernacle
with you when you go into the tabernacle of meeting lest you die it shall be a
of meeting lest you die it shall be a
of meeting lest you die it shall be a statute forever throughout
statute forever throughout
statute forever throughout your generations that you may
your generations that you may
your generations that you may distinguish between holy and unholy and
distinguish between holy and unholy and
distinguish between holy and unholy and between unclean and clean and that you
between unclean and clean and that you
between unclean and clean and that you may teach the children of Israel all the
may teach the children of Israel all the
may teach the children of Israel all the statutes which the Lord has spoken to
statutes which the Lord has spoken to
statutes which the Lord has spoken to them by the hand of Moses Moses spoke to
them by the hand of Moses Moses spoke to
them by the hand of Moses Moses spoke to Aaron and to Eleazar and Ithamar his
Aaron and to Eleazar and Ithamar his
Aaron and to Eleazar and Ithamar his sons who were left take the grain
sons who were left take the grain
sons who were left take the grain offering that remains of the offerings
offering that remains of the offerings
offering that remains of the offerings made by fire to the Lord and eat it
made by fire to the Lord and eat it
made by fire to the Lord and eat it without leaven beside the altar for it
without leaven beside the altar for it
without leaven beside the altar for it is most holy you shall eat it in a holy
is most holy you shall eat it in a holy
is most holy you shall eat it in a holy place because it is your doom and your
place because it is your doom and your
place because it is your doom and your sons do of the sacrifices made by fire
sons do of the sacrifices made by fire
sons do of the sacrifices made by fire to the Lord for so I have been commanded
to the Lord for so I have been commanded
to the Lord for so I have been commanded the breasts of the wave offering and the
the breasts of the wave offering and the
the breasts of the wave offering and the thigh of the heave offering you shall
thigh of the heave offering you shall
thigh of the heave offering you shall eat in a clean place you your sons and
eat in a clean place you your sons and
eat in a clean place you your sons and your daughters with you for they are
your daughters with you for they are
your daughters with you for they are your doom and your sons do which are
your doom and your sons do which are
your doom and your sons do which are given from the sacrifices of peace
given from the sacrifices of peace
given from the sacrifices of peace offerings of the children of Israel
offerings of the children of Israel
offerings of the children of Israel the thigh of the heave offering and the
the thigh of the heave offering and the
the thigh of the heave offering and the breasts of the wave offering they shall
breasts of the wave offering they shall
breasts of the wave offering they shall bring with the offerings of fat made by
bring with the offerings of fat made by
bring with the offerings of fat made by fire to offer as a wave offering before
fire to offer as a wave offering before
fire to offer as a wave offering before the Lord and it shall be yours and your
the Lord and it shall be yours and your
the Lord and it shall be yours and your sons with you by a statute for ever as
sons with you by a statute for ever as
sons with you by a statute for ever as the Lord has commanded
when Moses made careful inquiry about
when Moses made careful inquiry about the goat of the sin offering and there
the goat of the sin offering and there
the goat of the sin offering and there it was burned up and he was angry with
it was burned up and he was angry with
it was burned up and he was angry with Eleazar and Ithamar the sons of Aaron
Eleazar and Ithamar the sons of Aaron
Eleazar and Ithamar the sons of Aaron who were left why have you not eaten the
who were left why have you not eaten the
who were left why have you not eaten the sin offering in a holy place since it is
sin offering in a holy place since it is
sin offering in a holy place since it is most holy and God has given it to you to
most holy and God has given it to you to
most holy and God has given it to you to bear the guilt of the congregation to
bear the guilt of the congregation to
bear the guilt of the congregation to make atonement for them before the Lord
make atonement for them before the Lord
make atonement for them before the Lord see it's blood was not brought inside
see it's blood was not brought inside
see it's blood was not brought inside the holy place indeed you should have
the holy place indeed you should have
the holy place indeed you should have eaten it in a holy place as I commanded
eaten it in a holy place as I commanded
eaten it in a holy place as I commanded and Aaron said to Moses look this day
and Aaron said to Moses look this day
and Aaron said to Moses look this day they have offered their sin offering and
they have offered their sin offering and
they have offered their sin offering and their burnt offering before the Lord and
their burnt offering before the Lord and
their burnt offering before the Lord and such things have befallen me if I had
such things have befallen me if I had
such things have befallen me if I had eaten the sin offering today would it
eaten the sin offering today would it
eaten the sin offering today would it have been accepted in the sight of the
have been accepted in the sight of the
have been accepted in the sight of the Lord
Lord
Lord so when Moses heard that he was content
so when Moses heard that he was content
so when Moses heard that he was content [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you